Fix broken links - Part 12 (#651)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/integrations-in-rancher/logging/logging-helm-chart-options.md

[Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux) is a security enhancement to Linux. After being historically used by government agencies, SELinux is now industry standard and is enabled by default on CentOS 7 and 8.

> To use Logging v2 with SELinux, we recommend installing the `rancher-selinux` RPM according to the instructions on [this page.](../../pages-for-subheaders/selinux-rpm.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Logging v2 with SELinux, we recommend installing the `rancher-selinux` RPM according to these [instructions](../../pages-for-subheaders/selinux-rpm.md).
```
